The Valiant winks from the prestigious.
Holy Angel University Valiant Esports Cup.
So we will be your shoutcasters for this first game.
It is a best of five.
Hello everyone.
My name is Guillande Mahali,
also known as Mal.
Being a varsity player for
Valiant Esports helped me
improve my skill as a player.
Valiant Esports also allowed me
to compete in a competitive scene
which helped me  lot in my career.
The key to rising to the top is patience.
You got to be prepared for everything before competing against the top.
Highlights from Valiant Esports.
Hi guys. My name is Apollo Anyante, more known as Innovation,
and I am a Valiant Esports club streaming partner and shoutcaster.
Valiant helped me grow my platform and has given me various opportunities as a streamer.